1. You must stop your bus between:
2. You need to evacuate your bus in an emergency, passengers should be directed to a safe place no less than _____ feet from the bus.
3. Off tracking of the rear wheels is affected by:
4. Your bus is disabled. The bus, with riders aboard, may be towed or pushed to a safe place only:
5. When driving at more than 40 mph, what is the safe minimum following distance for ideal daytime conditions?
6. If you have riders aboard, you must never fuel your bus:
7. Carry-on baggage cannot be stored:
8. The driver's seat should be adjusted:
9. Buses may have recapped or re-grooved tires:
10. When you are not sure who has the right of way, the safest course of action is to:
11. Commercial bus drivers must have a CDL if:
12. The interlock system for the brake and accelerator on a transit coach may be used:
13. According to federal regulations, the minimum depth required for tire tread on steering axle tires is _____ of an inch.
14. Which of these forms of signaling is not recommended?
15. The standee line is:
16. All the following should be in good working order before driving. Which item must be in good working order before the bus can leave?
17. At the end of each shift you should:
18. Before you start to drive, you must inspect all of the following EXCEPT
19. The traffic light on a drawbridge is green. You should
20. If you are performing your vehicle inspection test on a coach or transit bus, you will have to inspect the baggage compartments and make sure that the baggage compartment doors ________ securely.
21. Bus accidents often happen
22. When stopping for railroad tracks, you must stop no closer than how many feet before the nearest track?
23. When should you check your mirrors for a lane change?
24. When transporting passengers on charter or intercity buses, you should explain passenger comfort and safety rules
25. Which of the following statements are true?
26. Federal regulations set an axle weight limit of _____ pounds on a tandem axle that is four feet apart.
27. At drawbridges with no signal you must stop at least:
28. A bus may carry baggage or freight only if it is secured so that:
29. In general, standees on a bus are not permitted:
30. Rules require shippers to mark containers of hazardous materials with:
31. The following are some situations that require special attention from all drivers. Which one is an even bigger problem for the driver of a vehicle with a low ground clearance?
32. A straight vehicle weighing 20,000 pounds which hauls 20 passengers falls into which CDL class:
33. Prohibited practices on the bus include:
34. You must put a loaded bus into motion from a stopped position on a steep upgrade. Which of these is the best technique to follow when you have a bus with a manual transmission?
35. You may sometimes haul small arms ammunition, emergency shipments of drugs, or hospital supplies on a bus. The total weight of all such hazardous materials must not be greater than _____ pounds.
36. Which of these is a good rule for backing a straight bus?
37. How are buses to handle most railroad grade crossings?
38. Which of the following statements about hazardous materials are FALSE?
39. If a passenger is drunk or disruptive, you may
40. Always check the interior of the bus before driving to ensure rider safety. What are you looking for?
41. To prevent theft and vandalism on a charter bus,
42. When pulling out of a bus stop,
43. Which of the following answers lists the three types of emergency equipment you must have on your bus?
44. Do to the extreme size of a bus, the driver must watch for:
45. When do you sign post inspection reports?
46. Which of these statements about speed management is true?
47. If a rider wants to bring a car battery or a can of gasoline aboard your bus, you should:
48. When arriving at the destination announce:
49. In a pressurized cooling system, coolant level should be checked:
50. When hauling hazardous material on a bus, the total weight for any one type of substance cannot exceed?
51. If your bus has an emergency exit door, it must:
52. When must a driver's inspection report be completed?
53. Federal regulations do not allow a driver to drive if he or she is:
54. Which of the following types of cargo can never be carried on a bus with riders?
55. You do not have to stop but slow down at:
56. An oncoming vehicle keeps its high beams on. You should deal with this hazard by:
57. In general, the best braking technique to use in maintaining a safe speed when driving on a downgrade is:
58. Which of these statements about gear ranges in buses with automatic transmissions is true?
59. The proper time to cancel your turn signal for a lane change or turn is:
60. If your bus becomes disabled on a freeway or expressway and you must stop on the left side of the road, it is best to stop so that the bus is:
61. Which of the following must be closed while the bus is in motion?
62. If your bus leans toward the outside on a banked curve, you are:
63. How many folding aisle seats are allowed in a bus?
64. While crossing railroad tracks, you should _________ if your bus has a manual transmission.
65. During your pre-trip inspection, you should sign the previous driver's report only if
no defects are listed on it.
66. Can a bus carry 100 pounds each of class 1, class 3, class 4, and class 5 hazardous materials?
67. Which of these statements about speed management and braking is true?
68. You do not have to stop _________, but you must slow down and check for other vehicles.
69. It is best to wear your seat belt:
70. Which of these is the best general rule for night driving?
71. Buses may carry
72. As the driver of a bus, how can you best avoid hindering other traffic on the highway?
73. The posted speed on a curve is
74. Which of the following statements about the roof hatches is true?
75. Charter drivers should:
76. A disruptive passenger:
77. When it is carried on a bus, hazardous material must be:
78. You must be alert for road hazards so that
79. Before leaving your stop, you should
80. When you inspect your bus, you must make sure that:
81. Charter bus drivers should
82. Which of the following statements about the interior of a bus is FALSE?
83. When the roads are slippery you should?
84. Which seats must be equipped with a seat belt?
85. You have passed all the requirements for a class B bus driver's license.  Which of these vehicles are you not license to drive?
