1. What do the red flashing lights on an eight-light system bus signify to other drivers?
2. While looking through the interior flat mirror the driver should have a clear view of?
3. How far prior to a bus pick up location must the amber warning lights be turned on?
4. If an unruly student is threatening the safety of others how should you handle the situation?
5. The school buses stop arm is to only be operated with the:
6. If a bus is being operated on a divided highway or a highway with four lanes or more which of the following describes the procedures for pick up and discharge of students?
7. When leaving a freeway, you should begin to slow down?
8. When is it required to stop a bus, look, listen, open the driver's side window and service door?
9. In flat mirrors you should see?
10. During your pre-trip vehicle inspection test, make sure that
11. Which of the following statements is true about students who must cross in front of the bus after exiting it?
12. A passive railroad crossing
13. As part of your vehicle inspection test, you will have to check _________ to be sure that it is undamaged, operating smoothly, and able to be closed securely from the inside.
14. Properly adjusted, the outside left and right side convex mirrors will let you see
15. You can change the location of a school bus stop
16. When you inspect the battery and battery box during your pre-trip vehicle inspection test, make sure that
17. The left and right danger zones extend up to _______ from the left and right sides of the school bus.
18. When driving a school bus in high winds, you should
19. The convex, crossover, and flat mirrors should be viewed
20. What is the "golden rule" for school buses when approaching and crossing railroad tracks?
21. Which of the following people can remove or suspend a student from riding the bus?
22. What would be considered proper procedure at a highway railroad crossing?
23. When getting onto a highway you should?
24. When is the use of alcohol, tobacco, and non-prescription drugs allowed on the school bus?
25. What do Anti-Lock Brakes do?
26. While the bus is running when is the driver allowed to exit the bus?
27. Which of the following statements about evacuation procedures is true?
28. When unloading students at a school, you should
29. The blind spot behind the bus may extend up to ________, depending on the length and width of the bus.
30. When can you put a misbehaving student off the bus?
31. Before leaving, make sure the students are in plain view
32. You have stopped your bus to load students. Before you signal them to approach the bus, you should
33. Why is it so critical for you to understand the loading and unloading procedures?
34. In an emergency, you should consider NOT evacuating students from your school bus
35. To load students after you have stopped the school bus,
36. Which school bus accidents should be reported?
37. Who is responsible for handling discipline problems on your school bus?
38. An active railroad crossing is
39. The tail swing of a school bus can be as much as
40. In addition to spare electrical fuses (if equipped), three red reflective triangles, and a working fire extinguisher, emergency equipment for a school bus includes
41. How could one distinguish a blind person among other pedestrians?
42. When, according to the pupil transportation operation and safety rules, are the four-way hazard lights supposed to be used?
43. When is the only time the red warning lights can be used?
44. Front tire tread depth should be at least?
45. What color are all school buses painted?
46. When several students are exiting the bus, the driver should count the students, if one is missing?
47. Before you proceed through a railroad crossing, make sure that your bus will have enough containment to completely clear the railroad tracks. As a general rule, adequate containment is
48. What is the most important reason for performing a school bus inspection?
49. During your post-trip inspection of your school bus, you should check
50. In most states, school buses are equipped with ________ warning light system to control traffic at school bus stops.
51. The front danger zone extends up to ________ from the front bumper of the school bus.
52. When approaching a school bus stop, you should
53. Is the bus driver allowed to pick up or discharge students at other than their assigned locations?
54. Who is the person responsible for the daily pre-trip bus inspections?
55. Students may never walk within how many feet of the bus at any time?
56. After you decide on the best type of evacuation, what must you do next?
57. Most states require school bus drivers to take a physical examination
58. Which mirrors let you view the front danger zone?
59. During your vehicle inspection test, you must check that the entry door is undamaged. Also check that it
60. During your vehicle inspection test, if your school bus is equipped with a handicap lift, you should check
61. When under the age of 21 years old a driver will be considered intoxicated at?
62. The right front mirror should be adjusted to see?
63. You MUST evacuate everyone from your school bus if
64. Immediately after stopping, you should first
65. If a railroad crossing signal is malfunctioning, you should
66. At a railroad crossing, you must stop at the stop line. If there is no stop line, you must stop
67. You're about to unload students at a bus stop. Tell them that once they've exited the bus, they should
68. When loading or unloading students, you should check your mirrors
69. When approaching a railroad crossing you should turn on the hazards?
70. When is the most dangerous time during a bus ride?
71. Which of the following statements about the special dangers of loading and unloading is true?
72. When approaching a bus stop on a multilane roadway, you should maintain your position _________ of the rightmost lane.
73. While you're loading students, if you cannot account for a student, what should you do?
74. How can a driver determine if a bus is equipped with Anti-Lock Brakes?
75. If the bus is on fire, you must
76. Is the bus driver allowed to crack or open the service door prior to stopping to pick up a pupil?
77. You should activate your alternating flashing amber warning lights ________, depending on the laws and regulations of your state.
78. As part of your post-trip inspection of your bus, check for each of the following EXCEPT
79. In an emergency, you MUST evacuate everyone from your school bus
80. When turning around at a railroad crossing a driver should?
